<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Cost-project-members June 2008 Archive by subject</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>June 2008 Archives by subject</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/cost-project-members">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Sun Jun  1 21:55:37 CEST 2008</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Thu Jun 26 12:21:39 CEST 2008</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 26<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="000111.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd COST expert meeting
</A><A NAME="111">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joel VIGNEAU
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000115.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="115">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joel VIGNEAU
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000116.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="116">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Henrik Degel
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000118.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="118">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dorleta Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000121.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="121">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ernesto Jardim
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000119.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="119">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dorleta Garcia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000120.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="120">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Hirst
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000122.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="122">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Maxwell (Cefas)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000123.html">[Cost-project-members] 2nd Expert Meeting
</A><A NAME="123">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Hirst
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000113.html">[Cost-project-members] [Fwd: RE: subsampling of discards on observer trips]
</A><A NAME="113">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joel VIGNEAU
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000114.html">[Cost-project-members] [Fwd: RE: subsampling of discards on observer trips]
</A><A NAME="114">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joel VIGNEAU
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000125.html">[Cost-project-members] Berried (was RE: Data Exchange Format Request formodifications)
</A><A NAME="125">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Maxwell (Cefas)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000132.html">[Cost-project-members] Comments to the proposed exchange format	changes
</A><A NAME="132">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teunis Jansen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000129.html">[Cost-project-members] COST/FishFrame integration
</A><A NAME="129">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Henrik Degel
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000110.html">[Cost-project-members] COSTeda_0.3 out
</A><A NAME="110">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mathieu MERZEREAUD
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000128.html">[Cost-project-members] Data Exchange Format	Request	formodifications
</A><A NAME="128">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ernesto Jardim
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000130.html">[Cost-project-members] Data Exchange Format Request	formodifications
</A><A NAME="130">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teunis Jansen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000127.html">[Cost-project-members] Data Exchange Format Request	formodifications
</A><A NAME="127">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alastair Pout
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000124.html">[Cost-project-members] Data Exchange Format Request for	modifications
</A><A NAME="124">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joel VIGNEAU
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000126.html">[Cost-project-members] Data Exchange Format Request formodifications
</A><A NAME="126">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Maxwell (Cefas)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000109.html">[Cost-project-members] Datasets disposal
</A><A NAME="109">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joel VIGNEAU
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000131.html">[Cost-project-members] latest COSTdata package
</A><A NAME="131">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alastair Pout
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000133.html">[Cost-project-members] latest COSTdata package
</A><A NAME="133">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Henrik Degel
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000107.html">[Cost-project-members] size categories
</A><A NAME="107">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joel.Vigneau at ifremer.fr
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000108.html">[Cost-project-members] size categories
</A><A NAME="108">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Henrik Degel
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000112.html">[Cost-project-members] subsampling of discards on observer trips
</A><A NAME="112">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alastair Pout
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Thu Jun 26 12:21:39 CEST 2008</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 13:22:52 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/cost-project-members">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

